Updating markdown file (#5)
heckdavid/language-switcher: README.md

> # Language Switcher    
> ## Description     
> ### A user can switch from the static text that is in english to either fench or german.
> ### This is a educational project to gain a better understanding of the foundational web developement technologies.
> ### My plan is align the language switcher into a dropdown menu and have that aligned on the top right of the page.
> ## Built With    
> * ### HTML
> * ### CSS
> * ### Javascript
> ## Demo
> ![English is the default state.](/screenshots/english-default.png)
> ![French](/screenshots/french.png)
> ![German](/screenshots/german.png)  
> ## Authors   
> ### David Heck - Here is a link to my [work](https://github.com/heckdavid).
> ## License   
> ### This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit).
> ## Acknowledgments  
> ### A resource that was helpful getting this project up and [running](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IGse7u_GPI).
> ### Jared Wilcurt - Here is a link to Jared's [work](https://github.com/thejaredwilcurt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Language Switcher

    
## Description

A user can switch from the static text that is in English to either French or German.

This is a educational project to gain a better understanding of the foundational web development technologies.

My plan is align the language switcher into a dropdown menu and have that aligned on the top right of the page.

## Built With    

* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript

## Demo

![English is the default state.](/screenshots/english-default.png)

![French](/screenshots/french.png)

![German](/screenshots/german.png)  

## Authors   

* David Heck - Here is a link to my [work](https://github.com/heckdavid).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit).

## Acknowledgments

* A resource that was helpful getting this project up and [running](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IGse7u_GPI).
* Jared Wilcurt - Here is a link to Jared's [work](https://github.com/thejaredwilcurt).
```
